French cuisine is considered an art in France and dining is not just about food and drinks but it is about culture, family and socializing. French Cuisine is known for its richness of taste and its elegant. The French Culture is a very diverse assortment of different regions all put together, which add to its greatness.
France’s identity is based on the historical origins of the nation in Celtic, Gallo-Roman, and Frankish cultures. The name "France" was used to call people who lived in the lower Rhineland. It eventually was introduced as a more common term to call the entire area, which was known as Gaul. The name "Francia" was applied to several territorial areas until the Middle Ages; then it came to …show more content…
Although the French are generally polite in all gatherings, it is only with their close friends and family that they are free to be themselves. The French are private people and have different rules of behavior for people that are within their social circle and those who are not.
The lifestyle is not all that different from American life. Despite their reputation as romantics, the French have a practical approach towards marriage. Families have few children, but parents take their role as guardians and providers very seriously. Friendship brings with it a set of roles and responsibilities, including being available should you be needed. Friendship involves frequent, if not daily, contact. The handshake is a common form of greeting. If you live in an apartment building, it is polite to greet your neighbors with the same friendliness.
Cheese, wine, and bread are staples at a French home or restaurant. Bread and pastries are consumed daily and are readily available at boulangeries, French for local bakeries. Wine is a staple drink after meals but it is seldom taken by itself or without food. Wine is not consumed only during celebrations or special occasions, but it is taken after regular everyday meals. The kind of wine should also match the food because not all kinds wine are complementary to any kind of meal French believe that each dining experience, whether there is an occasion or not should be an enjoyable
