Italian Culture: Food and Wine
When I tried to decide what I would like to do with the multicultural seminar project, I thought about all the places I would like to go. Italy is a place I always want to have a vacation. Who is not pleased. There are many cultures, from fashion to art and of course to food. Some of the most famous clothing and handbag brands start there. This is the origin of wine. Family and food are always important in Italian culture. First of all I would like to take up religion.
Up to now, I have discussed the difference in food culture between Italy and the United States. And I expanded the reason why Italian food culture is so unique. Wine tasting is not the only similarity between the food culture of the two countries, but since I noticed this, I decided to spread it. The age of drinking in Italy is quite different from the age of drinking in the United States. In the United States, the age of drinking is strictly 21 years old. In Italy, the age of drinking must be 16 years old, but it is very gentle, in fact there is no age of drinking. Since I am 19 years old, I have not had experience of wine tasting in America. But I am in Italy.
A famous Italian proverb is commenting on the history of wine in Italian culture, "a meal without wine is like a day without sunlight". The best Italian wine secret is not to drink, but to experience the unique taste, characteristics, culture, and people who produce them. People can become part of a wonderful Italian wine culture to try the best brands, such as yellow wine, Australian wine, red wine, hardened wine, cazely wine and so on. When they land, the visitors will head to the hotel in Naples. They also like to live in Positano near the Amalfi coast. The Amalfi hotel is luxurious and beautiful, with windows and balconies facing the sea. The twinkling stars of the night and the clouds floating in the window of the morning bring an unforgettable experience. The hotel has plenty of luxurious facilities and the staff is very cooperative.
Sunny landscape, distant wine fields, great Italian cuisine, simplicity, rich history and culture, and of course friendly people. It is not an exaggeration to say that the beautiful region of Tuscany is a synonym of a good life. What is a better way to gather inspiration than the birthplace of Italian Renaissance? This colleague is in the village of idyllic Santa Fiora famous for many churches in Grosseto state and the medieval palace. Between one of the adventurous trips introduced in this article, this is definitely a task to relax and charge and finish
In general, the focus of Italian culture lies in food, tradition, and family. Italian culture is very unique and worth witnessing. If you think about Italy, the first thing to do is famous places such as food / wine, Rome, Venice and Florence, and rich Italian history. Italy is the place where you definitely should be on your list