My Favorite Restaurants
As far back as I can remember, I have always liked going out to eat. Two of my favorite restaurants are Jake’s and McDonald’s. Though both are places to dine they have their differences in their ambiance, waiting, and expense. When deciding where to go to eat, I have three things to think about. I must consider the atmosphere or where I want to go. The amount of time I have is another consideration. The amount of money that I am able to spend is a big influence. 
The atmosphere at Jake’s is casual, and people came to spend several hours. Jake’s has a waiting room with long, leather-topped benches to sit on while waiting. Some tables are round and some are long rectangles, so everything can fit on them. The…show more content…
There is no smoking in McDonald’s. Because Jake’s is popular it fills up rapidly but does not empty out quickly. As a result people planning to eat at Jake’s they might want to consider making reservations because the wait can take up to two-hours if they do not. When customers are finally seated, a waiter is assigned to their table. The first thing the waiter does, is ask what the customers wants to drink. About three minutes later, the drinks are served. Next the waiters bring some buttered rolls to eat while the customers are waiting, and of course, there are always peanuts. Customers are encouraged to throw the hulls on the floor. After waiting about seven to ten minutes, the waiter comes back to the table and takes the customers’ orders. About ten minutes later, the waiter brings out the salads and refills the customers’ drinks. A half an hour later, the waiter brings out the customers’ food. There is a more rapid pace at McDonald’s. Here customers have the option of driving through or dining in. The customers walk up to the counter and give their order. The food should be ready in the next two minutes. However, if the counter person gets the order wrong, the customers may have to wait longer. If the customer goes through the drive-thru, they drive up and say their order into a box operated by a person they don’t see. Next they drive around to the little window, the casher takes their money. The customer then drives to the next window
