This chapter presents the business profile and general description of vegan restaurants, which fall under the consumer foodservice industry. This chapter includes the background of the study, rationale of the study, objective of the study, scope and limitation, significance of the study, research methodology, research design, and locale of the study, data gathering tool, data gathering procedure and the definition of terms.

1.1 Background of the study

Vegan was termed in England in 1944 by Donald Watson which means “non-dairy Vegetarian”. It opposed the use of eggs as a food.

Later, the definition of vegan was extended and it means that “man should live without exploiting animals”. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veganism.)

Café is an establishment that focuses on serving coffee. It may refer to an informal restaurant, offering a range of hot meals and made-to-order sandwiches. “Café” is a French word which means coffee. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caf%C3%A9.) People give extra importance when it comes to health.

One of its reasons is the sudden existence of many diseases that threatens the lives of the people. Obviously, when we talk about health, it always entails a healthy diet. Eating Vegetables and fruits is the best thing we know how to prevent such life ominous diseases because of its vitamins and mineral content with the absence of bad cholesterol. According to the 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans, a report issued by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, a vegetarian diet is associated with lower levels of obesity and reduced risk of cardiovascular disease.

There are varieties of restaurants registered here in General Santos City and most of the foods offered in these restaurants are meat and animal products. To make a variation and since there is a rapid growth of health and beauty conscious people, the researchers aim to provide an exceptional and accommodative vegan restaurant with café for the people who need a place for chatting, to make transactions and other personal activities. With its extraordinary structure and location, food lovers especially vegetarians might find it a good place to unwind, socialize and experience eating in a vegan way with a Pinoy touch.

This proposed vegan restaurant will be the first vegetarian restaurant in General Santos City. Since it is vegan, it serves vegetable cuisine and plant products like beverages from fruit extracts and pasta with the recipe culture of Chinese, Japanese, Korean and Italian that serves as the asset from the competitors. It also has a café that could make an edge among other restaurant. The place is a Wi-Fi hot spot and a Zen style ambiance which makes customers feel relaxed while eating or staying inside. Special room for conference meetings and other events is also offered.